# Retro Arcade Game Console (GT-4286)

Hopefully I will get my thoughts together and write up what I have learnt about this product through reverse engineering some of the emulators and exploring the SD card and the underlying OS (Linux).

⚠️ Backup your SD Card before proceding!

## For now, you can find:

1. [dat](./dats/) files for the FBNeo emulator (generated by the emulator itself).

2. [instructions](./Emulator%20Patches.md) for patching a couple of bytes to enable the ```P1-L``` and ```P1-R``` buttons to work in the FBNeo and MAME emulators.

3. a [remap](./sdcard_tweaks/keyremap) file for the (patched) FBNeo emulator that orders the 6 buttons (of each player) correctly for Street Fighter 2 (and probably other 6 button fighting games).

4. a description of the [boot process](./Exploring%20the%20OS%20-%20Boot%20Process.md)

5. a [list](./dats/built-in%20roms.txt) of the 157 built-in games (of the current generation of SD Cards).

6. some details and pictures of the [hardware](./Hardware.md)

7. some details of the [emulators](./Emulators.md)

8. some info about the [generations](./Generations.md) of SD Cards

9. [hardware mods](./Hardware%20Modifications.md) that people have done

10. [UI mods](./UI%20Modifications.md) (Background music, Font, Menu text etc)

11. [GT4286Uitl](https://github.com/nk64/GT4286/releases) which can currently:
    - identify the generation of an SD Card
    - refresh the game database from built-in and downloaded roms (you can add roms to the built-in ```/rom``` folder if you like)

12. a list of [known Issues](./Known%20Issues.md) with the console out of the box

13. instructions for [exploring the OS](./Exploring%20the%20OS.md) by replacing the mame emulator (because it is an exact dupe of the fbneo emulator) with a script that can run other scripts to extract information from the running system such as:
    * directory listing to see what programs and files are available in the Linux OS
    * getting the FBNeo emulator to dump its dat files
    * process list
    * debugging information

14. instructions for manually fixing the issue of FBNeo arcade games being listed as their cryptic (upto) 8 character rom names and give them [human readable names](./Humanise%20Names.md).  
    For example:

    |     File Name      | Game Name |                 Game Description                 |
    |--------------------|-----------|--------------------------------------------------|
    | /roms/FBA/4in1.zip | 4in1      | 4 Fun in 1 [Bootleg]                             |
    | /roms/FBA/b2b.zip  | b2b       | Bang Bang Busters (2010 NCI release) [Prototype] |
    | /roms/FBA/whp.zip  | whp       | World Heroes Perfect                             |

